fix: filters are executed when controller does not exist with Auto Routing (Legacy). (#7925)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/incoming/controllers.rst

.. important:: Auto Routing (Legacy) routes a HTTP request with **any** HTTP method to a controller method.

> .. important:: If Auto Routing (Legacy) doesn't find the controller, it will throw page not found exception before the filter executes in version **4.5**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. important:: Since v4.5.0, if Auto Routing (Legacy) doesn't find the controller,
    it will throw ``PageNotFoundException`` exception before the Controller Filters
    execute.
```

Author: Done.
